
a. What did the system do?
b. What other systems have you seen in the wild like that?
c. How do you approach the development problem?
d. What were interesting aspects where you copied code from Stack Overflow?
e. What did you learn from some very specific copy paste? Mention explicitly some
of them.

Question-1:  Elaborate what your internship or academic projects were?
Ans: My academic projects were Airline Booking system and Twitter Application. These were totally backend projects which i have completed using Nodejs.
Airline Booking System:-So if i talk about this so that was a CRUD application.
-So to builed this application i used Javascript in Nodejs environment and to builed the server i used Express.js and for database i used MongoDB.

Twitter Backend Clone : -So if i talk about that Airline Booking system so that was a CRUD application.
-So to builed this application i used Javascript in Nodejs environment and to builed the server i used Express.js and for database i used MongoDB.

Question-2: What did the system do?
Ans: So if i talk about my Twitter Application its was a CRUD application in which user will register first and then user
can do following operations -
-User can watch videos.
-user can tweet aur post something.
-user can check others profiles as well.
-user can edit profiles .
-in that application i have used Autherization services.

Question-3: What other systems have you seen in the wild like that?
 Ans: So basically i have seen some Social Media applications like Instagram, Twitter, Facebook. So these systems helps us to think like 
 how things are working and how we can make it.

 Question-4: How do you approach the development problem?
 Ans: So to develope something first of all you have to learn aur familiar with programming and Technology. 
 So my plan was first learn the basics and medium and then slowly start to builed that application and whenever 
 i stuck somewhere i started searching it in google and all like how can i builed this and where i am doing mistake.
 So that was my approach.

 Question-5: What were interesting aspects where you copied code from Stack Overflow?
 Ans: While building that application i was not able to understand Authentication and Autherization part so i did 
 copy some kind of code from Stack Overflow after that i leart that part .

Question-6: What did you learn from some very specific copy paste? Mention explicitly some
of them.
Ans: When discussing copy-pasting code there are several key lessons or observations one
 can make, especially when considering the context of software development, system design, or general communication.
  Here are some specific takeaways from the copy-paste process, focusing on potential issues and learnings:

  1-Code Reusability 
  2-Security Concerns: